chore: handle LB request timeout (#1182)
archestra-ai/archestra: docs/pages/platform-deployment.md

- `archestra.ingress.annotations` - Annotations for ingress controller and load balancer behavior
- `archestra.ingress.spec` - Complete ingress specification for advanced configurations

#### Cloud Provider Configuration (Streaming Timeout Settings)

> **⚠️ IMPORTANT**: Archestra Platform's chat feature and other streaming endpoints require proper timeout configuration on your cloud provider's load balancer. **Without this configuration, streaming responses will likely timeout too early**, causing chat responses and long-running MCP tool operations to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**⚠️ IMPORTANT:** Archestra Platform requires proper timeout settings on the upstream load balancer. **Without longer timeouts, streaming responses may end prematurely**, resulting in a “network error”
```
